aws-16-4-0 (#910)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v16.4.0/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v16.4.0 for AWS :zap:

>  An release that is enabling an encryption key rotation for kubernetes secret encryption in etcd. Also updating Calico to latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes a new feature that performs automated rotation of the Kubernetes secret encryption key in etcd.
It also includes latest version of Calico.
```

## Change details

### aws-operator [10.14.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/aws-operator/releases/tag/v10.14.0)

#### Changed
- Changes to EncryptionConfig in order to fully work with `encryption=provider-operator`.

### cluster-operator [3.13.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-operator/releases/tag/v3.13.0)

#### Changed
- Removed encryption key creation. Encryption keys will be managed by `encryption-provider-operator`.

### calico [3.21.3](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/releases/tag/v3.21.3)

> 

Reviewer: can we at least link to upstream changelog?

Author: done
